Before packaging the game, I recommend that you set adequate values ​​in GameData.
The number of players is 4, the number of rounds is 4, the round time is 30, respawn can be left at the default 5 seconds.
Also during testing, we changed the health component of the NPC character, so we check that the number of lives is 100
and auto heal is on. I changed the position of the PlayerStart actors, set them at the edges of the scene.
In fact, if you wish, you can create your own PlayerStart class, add a
property - TeamId to it and in game mode select the point for the player to spawn, depending on which
team he is on. This can actually be useful for game balance to know exactly
where which players are spawning. Also, to improve the quality of the code, you can add a check to the game mode,
which will check that the number of PlayerStart is not less than the number of players.
We pack the game.
The game has been successfully assembled, this is where the current section ends.